via sinead here first on a dirty your
favorite online sports show it's week 15
already don't know how that happened the
seasons gone by so fast but i'm about to
give you my week 15 pics right here
right now don't go anywhere first up
we've got green bay at chicago with the
packers favored by three now green bag
can wrap up the NFC north with a win
against chicago both these teams on a
different course over the last five
weeks you've got green babies for one
after a slow start then you've got the
Bears for two and three after a fast
start and you've got even injuries going
in different directions with these guys
looks like Green Bay's getting back
Matthews and Woodson and the Bears will
their battling injuries or lacquer gone
their kicker and Cutler he will play
injured but to be honest I don't even
think he'll play the whole game because
he has an injured neck now the Packers
are eight and two against a spread their
last ten against the bears and 11-3 get
to spread at soldier field since 99 so
I'm going with green bay on this one
take the Packers minus three next up
we've got Tampa Bay at New Orleans with
the Saints favored by three and a half
now Tampa Bay had their heart broken
this past Sunday when the eagles scored
a last-second touchdown to win the game
I saw it and even broke my heart there
now on a three-game losing streak so
this is a must-win to have any chance at
the playoffs now the Saints they've had
a rough season but Drew Brees and the
boys are still a prideful bunch and
breeze will light out the 30 second
ranked Cassidy that the Bucs put on the
field now this will be a high-scoring
game but the states will out duel the
bucks for the home crowd take the Saints
minus three and a half last but not
least is san fran at new england with
paths favored by five now this is the
best offense versus the best defense so
it's going to be a great game I thought
the Texans were supposed to have a good
defense but Brady look them up and I
don't think he's going to
that type of success against san fran
but he will still move the ball down the
field and move it pretty well and as
much as I love Colin Kaepernick who is
also easy on the eyes I hear from ladies
I don't think we'll keep up this sunday
night in Foxborough New Orleans clicking
right now in all cylinders although I
still think they stumble on their way to
the Super Bowl but right now they're hot
and new england has won 21 straight at
home in december and they will win
number 22 come Sunday take the packs
minus five there you have it those are
my week 15 pics if you want pics on all
our favorite games go to pain and cider
calm and if you elect the earrings that
I'm rocking you can go to Stella Val and
get ten percent off by using the code
first down and dirty fellows jewelry is
always a great gift by women they have
necklaces bracelets earrings and all
this gorgeous stuff I've got a few
pieces I'm very excited to be rocking
them in this video and for the rest of
you have a great weekend enjoy yourself
be safe I'll see you next week